Tutorial
You wakes up in a cell, as a ghost. --There's nothing in your heart
This is a cell of purgatory- dark, creepy, judges are looking at you from the walls.
Floor is worn, leaving stains that might be blood
A door is in front of you , it feels steel and it's locked.
Light shines in a sacred stone, with a beam of laser pointing on a wall.
And there is a mirror. It's strange that you can still touch it and it moves to another place.
And there is a lock by the door. The strange lock that will be unlocked when touching the sacred laser light.
You got out of the cell, You see a big hall which you might recognize- the hospital where you died. But now it's purgatory.
It's surronded by divine voices, which you cannot understand by word but you understand by meaning. It leads you to the further end of the door. 
Another room- a burial, of whom? You are forgetting things.
A door opened near the grave.
walking down, a giant lobby , collapsing, with parts of ground falling into the void. 
There's an altar in the middle. it's rodded, but there's a human-tall piece of Aquamarine on top of that.
You touched the gemstone. It shines and made every corner white.

Part1
It looks like a last century church here. There's a cross in the end of this room and wooden bench.
Going out of the room is a garden, with strange combinition of vegetable fields and flowers.  Carrots, Corns with Daylily, Hollyhock, Roses.
There's a stone road leading your way to another building with red brick walls-- Orphanage.
Beds everywhere in this room, There's no windows- this orphanage is a rebuild based on a broken factory.
Going down the road there's a classroom. With letters on the blackboard and worn seats and desks. A window is broken, maybe a kid just did it.
out of the classroom, there is a corridor leading up with stairs to go down.

Part2
And here you arrives in a checkin room of a factory. 
This is a steel monster, a car factory of the Gemini brand. After completing the first puzzle and get in, you are locked to work in the assembly line. 
Cars are being assembled in line. 
After a ramp
